# harmssk.github.io

Sherri Weitl-Harms is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Creighton University. In addition to several years of industry experience, she has been in academia for more than twenty-five years and served as chair of the Cyber Systems department at the University of Nebraska at Kearney for 12 years, leading its efforts to obtain ABET accreditation. Her research areas include machine learning/artificial intelligence, natural language processing, CS education, gamification, health informatics, and spatial-temporal data mining. She is a highly productive researcher (producing 40+ peer-review publications and contributing to projects totaling more than $12M in external funding), a well-respected educator (teaching more than 20 different courses and mentoring hundreds of undergraduates), and a leader both in her institution and in her professional discipline. Dr. Weitl-Harms is heavily involved in undergraduate research, serves as a Division Representative for Math/CS (MCS) on the Council for Undergraduate Research (CUR), and received the 2025 Advanced-Career Faculty Mentor Award for the MCS Division of CUR. She is actively committed to service learning, with student projects that have aided hundreds of local, regional, and national organizations. She is an editor, program committee member and reviewer for several professional conferences and journals, a Program Coordinator for the Nebraska and Southwest Iowa NCWIT Aspirations Alliance, and a Senior IEEE member. Dr. Weitl-Harms received the 1997 Governor’s Award for Teaching Excellence for Lincoln University in Missouri.  She has led and participated in numerous CS educational outreach activities including Cyber camps, Coder Dojos, Hour of Code events, and judging FBLA events. She is a member of ACM, IEEE, Computer Science Teachers Association, NCWIT Academic Alliance, the Gamma Omicron chapter of Epsilon PI Tau, Anita Borg Society, Women in Cyber Security and the National Education Association. She received her PhD from the University of Missouri.
